Add fields to Microsoft Sentinel mirror out (#35546)
demisto/content: Packs/AzureSentinel/Scripts/MicrosoftSentinelSetOwnerButton/README.md

> This script is used to set owner in remote system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script can be run from the warroom or used by a layout to set the owner field in Microsoft Sentinel.
```

Author: Done

## Script Data

---

| **Name** | **Description** |
| --- | --- |
| Script Type | python3 |
| Tags | dynamic-section |
| Cortex XSOAR Version | 5.5.0 |

## Inputs

---

| **Argument Name** | **Description** |
| --- | --- |

> | owner_email | The owner email to set as user principal name. |

Reviewer: is email the same as user principal name?

Author: Yes 
its the same one
